during the next few minutes we'll
highlight some features of the
presidential and show you how it can be
your open door to a safe and luxurious
bathing experience one of the
presidentials many keys to its success
is its strategically designed extra wide
door and ultra low threshold it allows
you to easily step right into the tub
sit down and then close the door when
you're safely seated now about that door
its strategic shape is designed for your
safety allowing it to float comfortably
over your knees while you're seated
the handle is sculptured making it
simple and easy to use even for those
with a light grip a memory seal
surrounds the door keeping it completely
watertight and both the door and the
seal come with a manufacturer's lifetime
warranty with free replacements if ever
needed the tubs floor is slip-resistant
and so is the contoured seat this seat
is a DEA compliant and stands a full
seventeen and a half inches tall and
because it's the same height as a
regular chair it's natural and easy to
sit down and get back up again there's
also lots of leg room to comfortably
stretch out and relax while you bathe
and because the presidential has more
than three times the depth of a regular
tub you can enjoy bathing in a luxurious
deep soak the attractive roman faucets
are also a DEA compliant designed for
all hand strengths the presidential
features a wide spout and a safety speed
drain so it's quicker to fill and
quicker to drain there's also a
versatile retractable showerhead that
can be used hand held or lowered and
raised on its wall-mounted slide rail
the added protection of a thermostatic
mixer keeps the temperature of the water
it's preset to your perfect temperature
so it always comes out just right once
the presidential begins to fill you'll
enjoy additional features including a
foot and leg massager an adjustable the
day for personal hygienic cleansing and
a variable-speed therapeutic jet spa
system
the safety first design of the slip
resistant cushioned grab bar makes
getting up and down easier and provides
you with that extra little boost your
towel is within easy reach on the doors
built-in towel rack and after you bathe
a moisture removal feature automatically
eliminates any moisture in the Jets the
presidential is a trademark of
independent living USA and is proudly
manufactured in America with American
engineering and superior quality
construction industrial grade composite
fiberglass provides a durable protective
finish inside while the outside
integrates the brilliance of acrylic for
beauty and rich luster all of which is
expertly fitted over a heavy-duty rust
proof frame and the presidential fits
seamlessly into the vacated space of a
regular tub making installation a breeze
now that you know about the features and
care that go into it let's take a closer
look at what happens when you go into it
you'll easily walk right in be
comfortably seated and then close the
door while safely seated then turn on
the hot water faucet and the tub will
automatically be filled with water at
your perfect temperature as the tub
begins to fill activate the foot and leg
massage feature
then sit back and enjoy a soothing
blissful massage changing your aches to
ah when the tub is filled to your
desired bathing level it's time to lean
back stretch out and turn on the
presidentials remarkable therapeutic jet
spa system notice the positioning of the
spa Jets they're strategically placed on
all four interior walls and all around
the seating area and there's a bidet jet
in the seat that can be kept on or can
be easily pushed down to turn it off all
in all the hydrotherapy Spa incorporates
an amazing 138 jet streams that surround
your entire body the spas variable
control settings are designed to easily
create the perfect feeling or mood just
right for you by decreasing the control
settings you can indulge yourself in a
relaxing therapeutic massage to help
improve circulation greater range of
motion soothe aches and pains and those
tired muscles and joints when you want
an exhilarating massage to feel
energized and invigorated simply
increase the control settings and when
you just want to lay back stretch out
unwind and let your cares drift away
simply adjust the settings to a gentle
trickling champagne bubble effect and
pamper yourself in a luxurious warm
soothing bath relaxed and immersed in
your own personal place of Solitude
experiencing what thousands of other
presidential bathers have joyously
expressed
once you get in you won't want to get
out the presidential the ultimate
bathing experience we hope this short
overview provided the information you
were looking for
and gave you an appreciation for the
presidentials many features all of which
were thoughtfully designed to bring back
into your life the safety the dignity
the independence and the bathing
experience you truly deserve